(DO NOT MERGE) Update machine auth docs after new additions (#2560)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/express/overview.mdx

The `getAuth()` helper retrieves authentication state from the `request` object. See the [Next.js reference documentation](/docs/references/nextjs/get-auth) for more examples on how to use the returned `auth` object.

### `getAuth()` options

<Properties>
  - `request`

  The request object.

  ---

  - `opts?`
  - `{acceptsToken: TokenType, treatPendingAsSignedOut: boolean }`

  An optional object that can be used to configure the behavior of the `getAuth()` function. It accepts the following properties:

  <Include src="_partials/machine-auth/accepts-token-explanation" />

  - `treatPendingAsSignedOut?`: A boolean that indicates whether to treat [`pending` session status](/docs/references/javascript/types/session-status#properties) as signed out. Defaults to `true`.
</Properties>

> ### Example: Protecting a route with `requireAuth()` and role-based authorization using `getAuth()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Protect a route with `requireAuth()` and role-based authorization
```

Reviewer: on line 157, I can't make a suggestion, but can we update the heading there too:

### Example: Protecting a route by accepting and verifying multiple token types using `getAuth()`
-->
### Example: Protect a route based on token type

  const authObject = getAuth(req, { acceptsToken: 'any' })

  if (authObject.tokenType === 'session_token') {
    console.log('This is a session token from a user')
  } else {

>     console.log('This is some other type of machine token (api_key | oauth_token | m2m_token)')

Reviewer: update according to whatever update is settled on with the other example!
